the surgical training center at the
foundation for orthopaedic research and
education committed to improving patient
care through education
the surgical training center at four is
a state-of-the-art facility located in
tampa florida the lecture theatre is a
comfortable well appointed meeting space
that is customizable to your meeting
needs the standard arrangement puts 32
leather chairs in the central area in
front of the two 100 inch screens
alternatively the chairs can be arranged
for a more collaborative meeting with
the maximum seating arrangement up to 72
total seeds can fit in the central area
with another 32 around cafe style tables
for a total of 104 seats the lecture
theatre is equipped the two-way audio
and video for linkage with the surgical
skills lab and for teleconferencing the
surgical skills lab is customizable for
small and large workshops as well as
design review meetings the surgical
skills lab can accommodate up to 20
extremity stations eight spine stations
or ten lower joint stations the lab is
equipped with cameras to display the
teaching station on monitors throughout
the lab the lecture space conference
room and over the web also the lab has
various inputs that allow the display of
images or video from external sources
such as a c-arm the surgical skills lab
at four is ideal for your next training
because it is conveniently located in
tampa florida it has customizable spaces
ideal for small and large workshops
alike staff that handle all aspects of
your workshop including procurement and
disposal of specimens setup and teardown
of stations and coordination of catering
services standard instrumentation and
personal protective equipment are
provided for every workshop for more
information visit us online at surgical
training center com